docs: Add examples and update getting started (#40)
ni/nisystemlink-clients-python: docs/getting_started.rst

.. literalinclude:: ../examples/tag/subscribe_to_tag_changes.py
   :language: python
   :linenos:

Data Frame API
-------

Overview
~~~~~~~~

The :class:`.DataFrameClient` class is the primary entry point of the Data Frame API.

When constructing a :class:`.DataFrameClient`, you can pass an

> :class:`.HttpConfiguration` (like one retrieved from the

Reviewer: parenthetical statements can be difficult to localize. if that's a concern, consider rewriting

Author: We don't currently localize these docs and don't have any immediate plans to so I think we can do without this change for now.

.. literalinclude:: ../examples/tag/subscribe_to_tag_changes.py
   :language: python
   :linenos:

Data Frame API
-------

Overview
~~~~~~~~

The :class:`.DataFrameClient` class is the primary entry point of the Data Frame API.

When constructing a :class:`.DataFrameClient`, you can pass an
:class:`.HttpConfiguration` (like one retrieved from the
:class:`.HttpConfigurationManager`), or let :class:`.DataFrameClient` use the
default connection. The default connection depends on your environment.

With a :class:`.DataFrameClient` object, you can:

> * Retrieve information about available API operations
> 

Reviewer 2: I'd be fine with leaving this one out. It's not going to be a common thing to do.

```suggestion
```

> * Query, create, modify, and delete Data Frame Tables and associated metadata
> 
> * Query, query decimated, and append Data Frame Table data

Reviewer 2: Since we have two (or three) kinds of queries, maybe we can distinguish between them a little more. What do you think about something like this?

```suggestion
* Create and delete Data Frame Tables.

* Modify table metadata and query for tables by their metadata.

* Append rows of data to a table, query for rows of data from a table, and decimate table data.
```

It could also be useful to get Melissa's feedback for this one.

Author: It won't let me add Melissa to the review for some reason, but I'll leave this one open until I get her sign-off.
